Beach ball.
Elephant.
Grape.
Should I go on?
You asked how I felt
when the day began.
I felt...hopeful.
[ The Traveling Wilburys'
"Handle with Care"plays]
♪♪
♪ Been beat up
and battered around♪
♪ Been sent up,
and I've been shot down♪
♪ You're the best thing
that I've ever found ♪
♪ Handle me with care
♪ Reputation's changeable
Nice.
♪ Situation's tolerable
♪ But, baby, you're adorable
♪ Handle me with care
♪ I'm so tired of being lonely
♪ I still have
some love to give ♪
♪ Won't you show me
that you really care? ♪
♪ Everybody's
♪ Got somebody
♪ To lean on
♪ Put your body
♪ Next to mine
♪ And dream on
♪♪
Thanks.
Whoa.
That packs a punch.
[Both laugh]
♪♪
Was this the way
you imagined it?
Getting there.
I guess
I have you to thank for it.
Daniel: If I hadn't kept
everyone in the dark
about what we were doing...
we wouldn't have all been
at that place together.
♪♪
Some lies are worth the cost.
Grace: Morgan --
Hey.
Dwight wants you to come
take a look at the pavilion.
You want one
for the road?
My wife
ate this soup
all the time
she was pregnant with Ofelia.
I don't have
much of an appetite today.
[Lid clangs]
You alright?
Yeah.
I'll be fine.
You sure?
Mm-hmm.
♪♪
I was glad
to see everyone together.
♪♪
It felt as if everything I'd
done was beginning to pay off.
♪♪
They're here.
Go tell Morgan.
[Horse whinnying]
♪♪
[Vehicle door closes]
Sarah.
Been a while.
[Chuckles]
Still runnin'
the MRAP?
Any chance
of you sharin' it?
That way,
Wendell would be able
to join me
on the run.
We share with you,
we got to share with everybody.
And we're running
on fumes.
Yeah.
Greetings.
How's everybody been?
[Cans clattering]
Our foes
from Tank Town persist.
They covered the gates
at Paradise Ridge.
They hit up
the skate park, too.
Ah. June and I thought
we were the only ones.
This meeting's
been long overdue.
Morgan:
Yes, it has.
Looking forward
to seeing
what you've done
with the place, Mo-mo.
It's come a long way.
June sends her regrets.
She thought
it'd be better this way.
Nice to see you,
Victor.
[Chuckles]
Nice to see you, too,
and nice to know
that we might even be able
to lend each other a hand
in these troubled times.
Yes, we can.
'Cause we might be facing
a threat to our existence.
Something that Virginia
didn't think she could handle.
So I thought we should try
not to face it on our own.
That's why
I called you all here.
We should try
and work together...
share information...
pool resources...
put our differences aside.
Can we face this thing
that threatens all of us?
Only one rule,
and it's the same one
I made
the last time
we were gathered here together.
Anybody breaks it --
anybody --
you will not
be welcome here again.
Come on in.
We got work to do.
[Horse neighs]
♪♪
Daniel: You can see
why I was hopeful.
♪♪
And then everything changed.
Grace:
Is that a kick?
He is strong.
[Laughs]
Are you sure
it wasn't a contraction?
♪♪
Daniel: The last time
I felt something like that...
was when my wife was pregnant
with Ofelia.
That's the moment when I decided
to move to Los Angeles,
decided to change everything
and give my daughter the kind of
life I felt she deserved.
I suppose I wanted this place
to be the same.
For Grace's baby.
For everyone.
That's why
we didn't take any chances.
Everyone would check
their weapons at the door.
For our safety and for theirs.
We logged each weapon
and locked them away.
Only Morgan and I had the keys.
♪♪
[Whistling]
[Gun thuds]
The knife.
[Both laugh]
There you go.
Anything else?
[Cat meows]
Skidmark! Hey.[Meows]
Where did you find him?
Ah, the Lanes.
Virginia sent him there to take
care of the rat infestation.
Did he?No.
Apparently,
he was sitting around all day
just licking his...
unmentionables.
You haven't changed
a bit.
Thank you
for the peace offering, Victor.
You understand
why I couldn't let you in
on what I was doing.
We were both
playing our own games.
The better man won.
Kudos, by the way.
The forgetful act...
uh,
was quite convincing.
And it appears
the gambit paid off.
Why did hearing that
mean so much to me?
There is a good reason.
But we're not there yet.
You need to understand it
like I did.
[Skidmark meows]
I haven't seen Alicia.
She's out on a supply run
with Al.
♪♪
Did she know
I was coming?
♪♪
Charlie: Morgan.Yeah?
We need you.
It's Grace.
♪♪
Frankie,
take him to my tent.
♪♪
[Lock engages]
[Air hissing]
[Velcro tears]
I raised June
on the long range.
Gonna take her a day
at least.
[Exhales sharply]
Says it could be
Braxton Hicks,
or it could be
contractions.
How do we know?
We wait for her
to get here.
What about the baby --
how do we know
if he's okay?
We need
a fetal monitor.
I know
where I can find one.
What?Where?
There's a place I had set up
for you and the baby
before I found
this place.
Daniel:
Where is it?
I'll go get it.No, no.
It's, uh -- It's a little
off the beaten path.
It's not easy
to find.
I'll be there and back
in a few hours, okay?
Okay.
♪♪
Daniel: Sherry gave him the keys
for the MRAP.
It had gas
for the whole journey.
Took the Rabbi just in case.
Morgan asked me to keep
the peace until he returned.
To get the conversation started.
What's she doing here?
We are all here
to share information.
And no one was closer
to Virginia than Dakota.
Which is why whatever
information she provides
should be taken
with a gargantuan grain of salt.
Says the guy
who had us lined up
like we were in
a shootin' gallery.
I distinctly recall turning
the guns in Virginia's direction
at the
opportunity moment.
Ah. Only 'cause you saw
which way the wind was blowin'.
Okay.
We are not here
to rehash the past.
This is about the future,
our future.
Protecting it.
Together.
[Man shouting in distance]
Dakota.
These people.
Virginia ever say anything
about them?
The last thing that she said was
about them "laying low."
The other stuff was all about
the messages on the walls.
Come on, man.
Last time we listened to her,
John ended up dead.Morgan said this place
would be different.
We just need
to be a little bit m--
That's real rich,
coming from you.
What the hell's
that supposed to mean?
Aren't you the one Ginny thought
tried to blow up Tank Town?
She did.
And she was wrong.
Well, she must have thought it
for a reason.
These people blew up Tank Town
from the inside.
They became "one of us"
without me even realizing it.
Okay.
So, for all we know,
they could have turned
one of us, too?
Yeah. Who?That's what I've been asking her
this whole time.
Wes: It could be you.You guys want me here.
You take away my gun.
This one's awful quiet.Alright.
I'm just asking a question.
I don't know why you
have to be so defensive.
[Indistinct arguing]
Daniel: I didn't want to believe
that one of us was a traitor.
But I had lied to everyone
about losing my memory.
We had all lied to each other
at some point.
And now,
when we needed it the most,
we couldn't trust each other.
[Distorted arguing]
[Explosion]
[Clattering]
♪♪
[All shouting]
[Coughing]
Is everyone okay?
[Coughing continues]
[Indistinct conversations]
We used the dynamite
to clear that field
next to the gate.
[Coughing continues]
The rock must have fallen
and accidentally set it off.
We thought what happened
at Tank Town
was an accident
at first, too.
I'm not gonna
make that mistake again.
Why are you
looking at me?
I was sitting at the table
when it went off.
We all were.The people
at that table
aren't the only ones
in this place.Honey, come on.
Luciana just said it.
They attack from the inside --
Okay.
I think we should all
take a break.
♪♪
Did I believe
it was an accident?
I wanted to believe that.
But I didn't have time
to make up my mind.
[Walkers growling]
Explosions musta drawn them.
♪♪
Sherry:
Open the lock-up.
♪♪
I want my gun back.
That's not gonna happen
unless
it's absolutely necessary.
I'd say
this fits the bill.
The weapons
we got in there
can only kill a fraction
of the dead out there.
Morgan is gonna be
coming back soon.
With your truck.
And its guns.
So we wait it out.
The walls will hold.
[Growling continues]
♪♪
I did believe
the walls would hold,
but when it comes to the dead,
it's best to have a contingency.
If they breached,
I had to be prepared for how bad
the situation would be.
♪♪
Daniel,
what are you doing?
♪♪
Morgan said the weapons
had to stay locked up.
We got to be prepared
in case the gate doesn't hold.
♪♪
When I saw
the guns were missing,
I knew
the explosion was no accident.
Someone did it
to trap us inside,
draw the dead,
and leave us defenseless.
♪♪
The only question was who.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Groans]
Daniel,
what happened out there?
I tried
to raise Morgan.
The dead took out the antenna
when they stormed the wall.
So what
do we do now?
Do you feel well enough
to travel?
What? [Scoffs] No.
No,
I can't travel.
It's not safe here now.
I'm going to fix that.
But until I do, you're better
off somewhere else.
Where?
There's a fishing shack
in the woods --
from the time
that this whole area was a lake.
I've marked it down
on a map.
It's in here,
in the bag,
along with water, food,
and a first aid kit.
Grace, I would not
ask you to do this
if I didn't think
it was absolutely necessary.
[Groans lightly]
Okay.
Alright.
♪♪
The reason Morgan found this
place was for Grace's child.
And now this place
wasn't even safe for him.
I needed to find those weapons.
♪♪
Rollie: Something I can
help you with?
No.
Sorry.
Sorry. I-I...
You what?
[Footsteps approach]Daniel: Charlie?
Did you find the hammer
I sent you looking for?
Uh, not yet.
Look, I did not realize
that this was your tent.
I thought
it was Dwight's.
Anybody here
touches my shit again,
we're gonna have a problem.
Understand?
I had lost Ofelia.
And I wasn't
going to lose her, too.
So I sent her away.
I told her
to meet up with Grace,
where she would be safe.
So I could do
what I needed to do
to find out
who stole the weapons.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Indistinct conversation]
-We got walkers!
-Got three!
-We need some help over here!
-There's too many of them!
[Growling]
How the hell'd
they get in here?
We've got a breach.[Grunts]
♪♪
[Growling continues]
Take a seat.
♪♪
Stand back!
[Bones crunch]
♪♪
[Grunting]
[Gunshot]
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
It was you.
What?
How -- How did
the dead get in?
I let them in.What the...
Why?
I needed to figure out
who stole the weapons
from lock-up.
Now I know.
♪♪
Where are they?
Where are
the rest of the weapons?
I didn't take them,
Daniel.
You're always lying.[Chuckles]
I don't think you can
tell the difference anymore.
Ha!
This coming from the man
who kept the truth about
what he'd been doing
from me for months.
I did
what was needed to be done
in order to free us
from Virginia.
And it worked.
What you're doing
is tearing us apart.
Why are you doing this? What did
they offer you to betray us?
Lawton?
Be the big shot?
"They" didn't
offer me anything
because I don't know
who "they" are.
I'm here for the same reasons --
to find out.
Okay, okay.
I broke a rule.
I brought a weapon
inside the gates.
But if I hadn't,
someone out there
might be dead right now.
You continue to give me
every reason to hurt you.
♪♪
Daniel:
It isn't what I wanted.
Morgan was right --
if we do things in here
the same way we do things
out there...
nothing's gonna change.
[Gun clicks]
Nothing will be different.
Are we here again,
Daniel?
Dwight:
The gate won't hold.
Bring everyone
inside the wall.
Before more dead
get inside,
we need those weapons.
♪♪
Daniel.[Door slams]
Daniel!
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
They breached
the outer gate.
This gate was not built
to hold that much weight.
♪♪
Victor was with us
during the explosion.
He could not have blown
that dynamite on his own.
I wouldn't put anything
past him.
Whichever one of you
is working with him,
I warn you...
...the betrayal
of those closest to you
comes with a cost.
It will come back
to haunt you.
There will be consequences.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
Where are
the weapons?!
♪♪
Dwight,
let's search their tents.
Wait. H-Hang on a second.
Before you do that,
why don't you
tell us something --
where's Grace?
Huh? Where's Charlie?
They're not
a part of this.
You know,
Sherry's got a point.
Isn't it Chuckles
who was once on the other team?
That was
a long time ago.
Yeah, I caught her going through
my shit just earlier today --
I said
Charlie is not a part of this.
Oh. We're just supposed to
take your word on that?
Daniel, you're looking at
the wrong people here.
Virginia made the same mistake.
It cost my people's lives.
And it almost
cost me mine.
Don't let that
happen again.
We need to be
looking for the weapons.
Sarah: Hey, guys!
Anyone know where Rachel is
with those reinforcements?
You know, D. might vouch for
you --- but I don't know you.
Maybe you're working with them.
Maybe Morgan is.
You know, maybe this whole thing
is a scam to keep us in here.
You don't believe that,
do you?I don't know, D. --
the only thing I know for
sure is that we have to look
out for ourselves here.
Dan-the-man,
look at me --
hey, maybe if
we all work together,
we might just stand a chance
of reinforcing this thing.
Hey, look, there isn't time,
alright?
This gate
is not gonna hold.
Luci's right.
We need the weapons.
We'll get the tools
from the shed.
Yeah.
Hey, Rollie.
Come help me shore this up.
[Walkers growling]
That's not gonna be enough,
amigo.
Oh, yes...
yes, it will.
♪♪
Daniel:
Morgan left his axe at the gates
before entering this place.
I thought I could leave
the man I once was outside, too.
But that was not an option.
[Gunshot]Ahh!
No more games.
Where are the weapons?I don't know.
I don't need to remind you
that you can survive
a shot in the face.
You've seen it.
What you don't know
is what it does to you later...
♪♪
[Flesh squishing]
You'll wince every time
you take a sip of water.
You will eat soup
for the rest of your life.
You will learn
to hide the pain when you talk.
You will wheeze at night
when you breathe.
But mostly,
you will never forget
who did all of that to you.
♪♪
Where are the weapons?
Daniel.
Forgive me.
You have to forgive me.
♪♪
Where are the weapons?
Please.
I don't know!
♪♪
[Gunfire]
Morgan?
♪♪
What the hell happened here,
Daniel?
♪♪
[Static crackles]
Morgan: Have they found
the weapons?
Not yet. But I got everybody
looking for them.
Have you heard
from Grace?
I can't raise her
on the walkie,
but I'm almost
at the shack.
Let me know
when you hear from her.
I will.
It's just a matter of time
before we find the weapons.
Then I'll wait
for the apology.
[Chuckles]
Did you mean it?
Mean what?
What you said
about your jaw.
The pain
I caused you --
[Laughs]
Don't.
What do you want,
Daniel?
I want to stop you
and whoever
you're working with.
Why do you care so much
about whether or not
this place works?
When I found you,
you were happily living alone
in a warehouse with a cat.
You didn't even know
half these people.
I'm willing to bet that
you can't stand the other half.
Yet you almost
shot me in the face
to protect this place.
Why?
Daniel:
It was a fair question.
And it still is.
I couldn't answer it then.
But now -- I think I can.
Now I think I know why
this place meant so much to me.
When I was cutting hair
for Virginia --
pretending that I didn't
remember anything or anybody --
I realized that
the situation was not different
from when I was running
that barber shop in Los Angeles,
pretending that
the life I had led
before arriving there
didn't exist.
My daughter Ofelia
spent her entire existence
without really knowing
who her father was,
so our whole relationship
was based on a lie.
A deception.
♪♪
And...
Morgan's -- Morgan's idea
made me believe
that I could help create
the kind of home
I wanted Los Angeles to be
for Ofelia and myself,
a place where you would not
need to pretend
to be what you weren't.
I hoped that by doing that,
I could redeem myself...
from all the lies I told...
and for Ofelia's death.
♪♪
But it doesn't seem to have
worked that way, has it?
[Static crackles]Morgan: Daniel, are you there?
Do you copy?I copy you,
Morgan.
I'm at the shack.
But Grace --
she isn't.
♪♪
She should be there.
No, Daniel --
she's not.
So where is she?
Grace?
Are you hearing me?
♪♪
Have everybody
fan out.
Yeah.
Are you sure
she isn't at the shack?
Didn't look like
anybody had been near the place
in months.
[Static crackles]
I repeat, Grace --
do you hear me?
She can't be far.
Maybe they had to leave.
Maybe they heard
the gunfire.
Maybe.
I'll double back.
Thank you.
[Static crackles]
I repeat, Grace --
do you hear me?
Come on.
Do you copy?
You don't think
this was Victor?
I don't know.
[Static crackles]
Grace: Morgan?Grace?
Grace?
Where are you?
♪♪
[Heartbeat]
You doing alright?
Alright,
but these contractions --
I think
they're getting closer.
Grace, I told you
to go to the shack.
What happened?
The shack?
Daniel,
what are you talking about?
The shack
in the woods.
I marked it
on the map I gave you.
No.
No. You told me
to avoid the fishing shack
because it wasn't safe.
No.
No, I told you
to go to the shack
and wait
for me there.
What's going on,
Daniel?
I know
what I told her.
Charlie was there.
You told her
to go to the caverns.
You told me
the same thing.
No.
Why would I send you
to the caverns?
I mean, we -- we haven't
surveyed the caverns.No, you did.
Daniel.
You did.
♪♪
Ohh!
[Exhales sharply]We need
to get her back, Mo-mo.
I've gotta fix the antenna
and radio June the results.
Can you walk?
Charlie.
We go.
We're gonna
figure this out later.
[Static crackles]Luciana:
Morgan, do you copy?
Go for Morgan.
We found the weapons.
♪♪
Tell me where.
I think you're going to want
to see this for yourself.
♪♪
On our way.
Luciana: We found this
in Daniel's shed.
How'd these guns
end up in your shed, Daniel?
[Chuckles]
I don't know.
I put them in the lock-up,
like I told you.
Are these everything?
Yes.
Everybody's weapons
have been accounted for?
Everything matches
what we have in the log book.
Somebody
moved them there.
Was it you, Luciana?
Did you do it?
I had to break the lock
to get in.
Yeah.
I-I can vouch for that.
I was standing
right here.
Then it was Strand --
and the rangers.
Or whoever is working
with Victor --
Daniel,
what is going on?
Somebody's trying
to make me look bad.
They're trying to make us
go against each other.
Okay.
It's just, with Grace
and Charlie at the shack.
And now this.
Are you sure
you didn't make a mistake?
This isn't the kind of thing
people make mistakes about.
I know,
but whatever's going on,
we just need you
to help us understand.
What is there
to understand, man?
[Chuckles] I know what I said.
I know what I did.
I'm just asking.
Are you sure?
Daniel.
Daniel, look at me.
You okay?
I mean, are --
are you feeling alright?
I'm not sure.
♪♪
It's confusing.
It's okay.
Maybe you should
talk to somebody, huh?
Yeah.
Okay.
♪♪
Now I'm talking to you.
I s-- I -- I moved weapons
without remembering.
I sent Grace to a place
that was dangerous.
Why?
It's okay, Daniel.
We're going to get
to the bottom
of whatever's going on,
okay?
I promise you that.
♪♪
[Pencil scratching]
Can you tell me the three words
I asked you to remember
at the beginning
of our conversation?
Beach ball,
elephant, grape.
June -- what does this
have to do with anything?
These tests -- and what you
told me about yesterday --
tell me a lot.
For instance,
it's not neurological.
So, what is it?
I -- I think
it's psychological.
What does that mean?
It means
symptomatically,
you're experiencing memory loss,
dissociative thinking...
but there doesn't appear to be
any underlying physical cause.
Which is good.
It means we can treat this.
W-Why is this
happening to me now?
Because you finally
slowed down?
'Cause you have
something to lose?
Were you worried about that?
About something happening here?
We all were.
Could that be why
you moved the weapons?
Did you think they were
in danger where they were?
I don't know.
You know,
you spend your whole life
giving people a reason
not to trust you...
and then one day,
you cannot even trust yourself.
I deserve this.
[Sighs]
This kind of thing
is pretty far
from my area of expertise.
So I need
to educate myself.
Let me read
what I can.
I'll come back.
Okay.
[Door creaks]
It's good
you could be here for him.
I came
as soon as I could.
I'll go
check on Grace...
make sure they're still just
Braxton Hicks.
Then I'll be going out
the same way I came.
Hey.
Is there
any chance he's --
Faking it?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
We'd get people like that
in the ER from time to time.
They were just as confused
as he was, so...
It's hard to fake,
Morgan.
♪♪
Anything you need,
Daniel?
♪♪
[Door closes]
I hope you'll understand
if we take our leave
until you have things
under control.
Rollie: Just because
Daniel was wrong about this
doesn't mean
we don't have to worry about
whoever's out there.
If today's
any indication,
I ain't too sure
I like our chances here.
I saw graffiti
at the water tower.
I meant to say
when I got back.
How far away
was that again?It's 10 miles.
And if
they've been there,
the likelihood is that
they know we're here.
Especially after
that explosion.
All the more reason
to leave.
If they know about us,
they're gonna know about Lawton.
Then we better get back
to mind the store.
And we're gonna make
the same call, Morgan.
Sherry, um --
Come on.
We've -- We've been over this...
No, I know.I-I'm not staying.
It's -- It's not
about that.
I -- I just wanted to say,
uh...be safe.
Thank you.
Dakota:
I think I can help.
I've been thinking about
everything Virginia said
about the people
that painted the messages.
I heard her tell Ranger Hill
that they went underground.
And I --
And I thought maybe
she was thinking that
they were just laying low --
but, you know,
what if she thought it for real?
Like what?
What are we talking?
Like, in a basement
or storm tunnel or something?
The last place that she had them
scouting for them --
it was two days south
of Tank Town.
That's Dallas.
That's where she had me and Al
snooping around
when we found the graffiti
in Nora's building.
Maybe we start there.
Al and Alicia
must be halfway there.
Wes and I
could meet up with them --
go the rest
of the way together.
Okay.
Out and back.
Quiet and safe.
Okay.
And then we should all
come back together
and decide all this
between us.
Alright.
♪♪
Charlie: Daniel.
You're leaving?
I have to go.
I can't stay.
It's not safe
for me to be here.
Morgan: Nobody's gonna do
anything to you about today.
I'm not worried
about me.
I'm worried about you.
I let the dead in.
I would've shot Strand
if you hadn't returned.
I put Grace in danger,
her baby, you.
[Voice breaking]
The last time
these things happened
in my mind...
...I set a whole place
on fire.
I can't risk
that happening now.
♪♪
Where are you gonna go?
The warehouse.
If it's still there.
And if not?
I'll find a place.
♪♪
Come to Lawton.
And why would I go there?
Staying at Lawton offers
a better chance of survival
than you wandering around
alone out here.
We can
keep you safe.
And everyone
around you.
♪♪
I'm not doing this
for you.
I'm doing this
for Ofelia.
So you can live
an honest life.
♪♪
Settled.
Shall we?
♪♪
Hey, Victor.
You really
gonna help him?
What do you all
think of me?
That man just put a gun
in your face.
I have a right
to ask.
♪♪
He'll be better off with me
than here with you...
or wherever else
he was headed.
I'm gonna hold you
to this.
You don't have to hold me
to anything.
I said what I said.
♪♪
This is for the best.
I promise.Daniel.
♪♪
You take care
of yourself.
I'm sorry.
♪♪
There's no need.
I'll get better.
♪♪
Don't worry.